Minor docs improvements (#242)
zkworks-xyz/noir-ethereum-history-api: ethereum_history_api/circuits/lib/README.md

All the function in this library prove that the objects are contained within some block hash. We can't prove that this block hash is in fact a member of a canonical chain. This is user's responsibility. We provide Solidity [contract](../../contracts/src/EthereumHistoryVerifier.sol) that can prove block hash inclusion for the last 256 block on EVM and plan to maintain the Merkle Mountain Range on-chain in the future to allow for historical block hash inclusion proofs.

> [!CAUTION]

> > For now - just remember that it's your responsibility to prove block hash. Otherwise - an attacker can generate valid proofs for non-existent blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  Remember that it's your responsibility to prove block hash belongs to the chain. Otherwise - an attacker can generate valid proofs for non-existent blocks.
```
